Add updated porting guide for AWS-LC (#1463)
aws/aws-lc: PORTING.md

# Introduction

> AWS-LC is a fork of BoringSSL, which is a derivative of OpenSSL. AWS-LC aims to be API compatible with the `OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER` defined in [`openssl/base.h`](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/blob/main/include/openssl/base.h) (currently OpenSSL 1.1.1). Version checks against the macro should ideally work as-is with AWS-LC. AWS-LC define's the corresponding `OPENSSL_NO_*` feature macros corresponding to removed features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS-LC is a fork of BoringSSL, which is a derivative of OpenSSL. AWS-LC aims to be API compatible with the `OPENSSL_VERSION_NUMBER` defined in [`openssl/base.h`](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/blob/main/include/openssl/base.h) (currently OpenSSL 1.1.1). Version checks against the macro should ideally work as-is with AWS-LC. AWS-LC defines the corresponding `OPENSSL_NO_*` feature macros corresponding to removed features.
```

> There may be missing APIs or macros and subtle behavioral differences when migrating to AWS-LC from OpenSSL. OpenSSL may have underlying behavioral conventions that aren't standardized and there's no guarantee that these will be consistent within AWS-LC. In general, see if the AWS-LC compiles and runs against the tests with your application.  There is documentation available in [our header files](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/tree/main/include/openssl) and check if problematic features can be removed if possible. **If not, feel free to [**contact us**](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=general-issue.md&title=) about adding new features or missing symbols, we will typically add compatibility for convenience.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be missing APIs or macros and subtle behavioral differences when migrating to AWS-LC from OpenSSL. OpenSSL may have underlying behavioral conventions that aren't standardized and there's no guarantee that these will be consistent within AWS-LC. In general, see if the AWS-LC compiles and runs against the tests with your application, consult the documentation available in [the header files](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/tree/main/include/openssl), and check if problematic features can be removed if possible. **If not, feel free to [**contact us**](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=general-issue.md&title=) about adding new features or missing symbols, we will typically add compatibility for convenience.**
```
Added the comma before "and" because we use Oxford comma in our writing rules, but I'm ok if removed :).

Author: No worries, I'm an oxford comma guy myself :)

> In rarer instances, AWS-LC-specific code may be necessary. The `OPENSSL_IS_AWSLC` preprocessor macro can be used in `#ifdef`s and configure scripts to distinguish OpenSSL from AWS-LC. Please do not use the presence or absence of particular symbols to detect AWS-LC. AWS-LC is commited to having a stable API, but is not ABI stable. Systems cannot directly swap out OpenSSL with AWS-LC without recompiling. This makes us not suitable for a system library in a traditional Linux distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rarer instances, AWS-LC-specific code may be necessary. The `OPENSSL_IS_AWSLC` preprocessor macro can be used in `#ifdef`s and configure scripts to distinguish OpenSSL from AWS-LC. Please do not use the presence or absence of particular symbols to detect AWS-LC. AWS-LC is commited to having a stable API, but is not ABI stable. Systems cannot directly swap out OpenSSL with AWS-LC without recompiling. This makes it not suitable for a system library in a traditional Linux distribution.
```
"for a system library" means:
- to be a system library, or
- to be linked with a system library
?

Author: The first one. Changed it to "as a system library" for better clarity.

> Despite supporting certain OpenSSL APIs, AWS-LC will not behave exactly same in regards to non standardized lower level details. Function signatures and parameters generally remain the same across both libraries. AWS-LC attempts to make cryptography and ssl less configurable and hard to misuse. AWS-LC has diverged since the initial fork off of OpenSSL 1.0.2 and does not implement every feature OpenSSL has today. This porting guide compiles a list of known differences and fall into 4 main categories. More details on each difference and the justifications will be outlined in each section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite supporting certain OpenSSL APIs, AWS-LC will not behave exactly the same in regards to non-standardized lower level details. Function signatures and parameters generally remain the same across both libraries. AWS-LC attempts to make cryptography and ssl less configurable and hard to misuse. AWS-LC has diverged since the initial fork off of OpenSSL 1.0.2 and does not implement every feature OpenSSL has today. This porting guide compiles a list of known differences and fall into 4 main categories. More details on each difference and the justifications will be outlined in each section.
```
